# Step 3: Configure WAF protection policies {#task_hm3_f3d_5fb .task}

After a website is connected to Web Application Firewall \(WAF\), WAF uses the default protection policies to protect the website against common Web attacks \(such as SQL injections and XSS\) and HTTP flood attacks. You can enable more WAF features and adjust the protection policies based on your actual business needs.

1.  Log on to the [Alibaba Cloud WAF console](https://partners-intl.console.aliyun.com/#/waf). 
2.  On the top of the page, select **Mainland China** or **International**. 
3.  Choose **Management** \> **Website Configuration**. Find the domain to be managed, and click **Policies** in the Operation column. 
4.  Enable the required WAF features and manage the protection rules. 

    **Note:** Different WAF versions have different features. Not all of the following features are included in your WAF version. For more information about the differences between WAF versions, see [WAF versions](../../../../reseller.en-US/Pricing/Subscription/Editions and features.md#).

    -   **HTTP ACL Policy**: This feature allows you to create access control rules to filter Web requests. The rule conditions include the source IP address, the requested URL, and common HTTP request header fields. For more information about the operations, see [HTTP ACL policies](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/HTTP ACL policy.md#).
    -   **Web Application Protection**: This feature is enabled by default. It protects your website against common Web attacks, such as SQL injections and XSS. You can configure the strictness and mode of the detection. For more information about the operations, see [Configure the Web application protection policy](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Web application protection.md#).
    -   **HTTP Flood Protection**: This feature is enabled by default. It protects your website against HTTP flood attacks. You can configure the strictness of the detection. You can also create protection rules to restrict the number of requests that an IP address can send within a specified time period. For more information about the operations, see [Configure the HTTP flood protection mode](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/HTTP flood protection.md#) and [Customize HTTP flood protection](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Custom HTTP flood protection.md#).
    -   **Big Data Deep Learning Engine**: This feature automatically performs semantic analysis on requests to detect disguised or hidden malicious requests. This helps prevent attacks initiated by confusion attacks and attack variants. For more information about the operations, see [Big data deep learning engine](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/New intelligent protection engine.md#).
    -   **Block IPs Initiating High-frequency Web Attacks**: This feature automatically blocks client IP addresses that launch multiple Web attacks within a short period of time. For more information about the operations, see [IP blocking](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/IP blocking.md#).
    -   **Directory Scan Protection**: This feature automatically blocks client IP addresses that launch multiple directory traversal attacks within a short period of time. For more information about the operations, see [Directory scan protection](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Directory traversal protection.md#).
    -   **Threat Intelligence**: This feature automatically blocks access requests from common vulnerability scanners or from IP addresses in the Alibaba Cloud library of identified port scan attackers. For more information about the operations, see [Threat intelligence](../../../../reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Threat intelligence.md#).
    -   **Blocked Regions**: This feature helps quickly block IP access requests from specified provinces in China or areas outside of China. For more information about the operations, see [Blocked regions](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Blocked regions.md#).
    -   **Data Risk Control**: This feature redirects suspicious users to an additional security verification page for your specified business interfaces to prevent machine frauds. It protects your businesses against zombie accounts, hacked accounts, vote cheating, and spam messages. For more information about the operations, see [Data risk control](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Data risk control.md#).
    -   **Website Tamper-proofing**: This feature allows you to lock specified webpages to prevent the original content from being tampered with. When a locked webpage is requested, the server returns the cached content that you specify. For more information about the operations, see [Web tamper protection](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Website tamper-proofing.md#).
    -   **Data Leakage Prevention**: This feature helps you filter sensitive information in the returned content \(abnormal pages or keywords\) from the server, such as the ID number, bank card number, phone number, and sensitive words. For more information about the operations, see [Data leakage prevention](reseller.en-US/User Guide/Configuration/Data leakage prevention.md#).

